Knowledge graph (KG) plays an increasingly important role in recommender systems. 
A recent technical trend is to develop end-to-end models founded on graph neural networks (GNNs). 
However, existing GNN-based models are coarse-grained in relational modeling, 
failing to (1) identify user-item relation at a fine-grained level of intents, 
and (2) exploit relation dependencies to preserve the semantics of long-range connectivity.
In this study, we explore intents behind a user-item interaction by using auxiliary item knowledge, 
and propose a new model, Knowledge Graph-based Intent Network (KGIN). Technically, 
we model each intent as an attentive combination of KG relations, encouraging the independence of different 
intents for better model capability and interpretability. Furthermore, we devise a new information aggregation 
scheme for GNN, which recursively integrates the relation sequences of long-range connectivity 
(i.e., relational paths). This scheme allows us to distill useful information about user intents and encode 
them into the representations of users and items. Experimental results on three benchmark datasets show that, 
KGIN achieves significant improvements over the state-of-the-art methods like KGAT [41], s
KGNN-LS [38], and CKAN [47]. Further analyses show that KGIN offers interpretable explanations 
for predictions by identifying influential intents and relational paths. 
In order to model the evolution of user preference, we should learn user-item embeddings based 
on time-ordered item purchasing sequences, which is defined as Sequential Recommendation~(SR) problem. 
Existing methods leverage sequential patterns to model item transitions. However, most of them ignore 
crucial temporal collaborative signals, which are latent in evolving user-item interactions and coexist 
with sequential patterns. Therefore, we propose to unify sequential patterns and temporal collaborative 
signals to improve the quality of recommendation, which is rather challenging. Firstly, it is hard to 
simultaneously encode sequential patterns and collaborative signals. Secondly, it is non-trivial to 
express the temporal effects of collaborative signals.
Hence, we design a new framework Temporal Graph Sequential Recommender (TGSRec) upon our defined 
continuous-time bipartite graph. We propose a novel Temporal Collaborative Transformer TCT layer in TGSRec, 
which advances the self-attention mechanism by adopting a novel collaborative attention. 
TCT layer can simultaneously capture collaborative signals from both users and items, 
as well as considering temporal dynamics inside sequential patterns. We propagate the information learned from TCT 
layer over the temporal graph to unify sequential patterns and temporal collaborative signals. 
Empirical results on five datasets show that modelname significantly outperforms other baselines, 
in average up to 22.5% and 22.1% absolute improvements in Recall@10 and MRR, respectively.
Motivated by the vast applications of knowledge graph and the increasing 
demand in education domain, we propose a system, called KnowEdu, to automatically 
construct knowledge graph for education. By leveraging on heterogeneous data 
(e.g., pedagogical data and learning assessment data) from the education domain, 
this system first extracts the concepts of subjects or courses and then identifies 
the educational relations between the concepts. More specifically, 
it adopts the neural sequence labeling algorithm on pedagogical data to extract instructional 
concepts and employs probabilistic association rule mining on learning assessment data to 
identify the relations with educational significance. We detail all the above mentioned efforts 
through an exemplary case of constructing a demonstrative knowledge graph for mathematics, 
where the instructional concepts and their prerequisite relations are derived from curriculum 
standards and concept-based performance data of students. Evaluation results show that the 
F1 score for concept extraction exceeds 0.70, and for relation identification, 
the area under the curve and mean average precision achieve 0.95 and 0.87, respectively.
Knowledge graph (KG) contains well-structured external information and has shown to be effective for 
high-quality recommendation. However, existing KG enhanced recommendation methods have largely 
focused on exploring advanced neural network architectures to better investigate the structural 
information of KG. While for model learning, these methods mainly rely on Negative Sampling 
(NS) to optimize the models for both KG embedding task and recommendation task. Since NS is not robust 
(e.g., sampling a small fraction of negative instances may lose lots of useful information), 
it is reasonable to argue that these methods are insufficient to capture collaborative information among users, 
items, and entities. In this paper, we propose a novel Jointly Non-Sampling learning model for Knowledge graph 
enhanced Recommendation (JNSKR). Specifically, we first design a new efficient NS optimization algorithm 
for knowledge graph embedding learning. The subgraphs are then encoded by the proposed attentive 
neural network to better characterize user preference over items. Through novel designs of memorization 
strategies and joint learning framework, JNSKR not only models the fine-grained connections among users, 
items, and entities, but also efficiently learns model parameters from the whole training data 
(including all non-observed data) with a rather low time complexity. Experimental results on two public 
benchmarks show that JNSKR significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods like RippleNet and KGAT. 
Remarkably, JNSKR also shows significant advantages in training efficiency (about 20 times faster than KGAT), 
which makes it more applicable to real-world large-scale systems.
